# SasquatchesRUs
Project Repository for CS340 Project about Hikes in the PNW

Our database represents a database with different types of hikes that are found throughout the Oregon and Washington Columbia River Gorge area. The Columbia River Gorge is one of the largest natural areas in the United States. The area contains some of the most renowned habitats and environments for wildlife and beautiful scenery. Some examples include areas that are a combination of rain forest and desert, sea-level passages and meadows. The Gorge is a source for hundreds of trails just ready to be explored. This area contains numerous people and different types of locations that people go to on a daily basis. Using this database one will be able to record any hike they want to share with others. The problem that this database resolves is it allows for the recording of the different hikes and an overall rating for each of the hikes. The web provides a visual representation of the hike and yields useful information such as distance, elevation, and difficulty. In addition, this database allows for the individual to plan his or her next hike based on user rating, while being able to check the location of the hike.

The website that our database is connected to has five main pages: Home, Search, Login, Hikes and Ratings. The Home page has short descriptions of the other 4 pages and buttons that link to each one. The Search page allows you to add, edit and delete Locations in the database that Hikes can be associated to. It also shows all current Locations and allows you to search for Hikes based on multiple different Hike attributes. The Login page displays all current users in the database and allows the user to login or add, update or delete an account. The Hikes page displays all Hikes in the database and allows a user to add, edit or delete hikes. The final page, Ratings, allows a user to add, update or delete a rating that is associated with a hike.